Swearing and obscenity are more repulsive in the speech of a woman than of a man.
Women should take increasing responsibility for leadership in solving the intellectual and social problems of the day.
Both husband and wife should be allowed the same grounds for divorce.
Telling dirty jokes should be mostly a masculine prerogative.
Intoxication among women is worse than intoxication among men.
Under modern economic conditions with women being active outside the home, men should share in household tasks such as washing dishes and doing the laundry.
It is insulting to women to have the "obey" clause remain in the marriage service.
There should be a strict merit system in job appointment and promotion without regard to sex.
A woman should be free as a man to propose marriage.
Women should worry less about their rights and more about becoming good wives and mothers.
Women earning as much as their dates should bear equally the expense when they go out together.
Women should assume their rightful place in business and all the professions along with men.
A woman should not expect to go to exactly the same places or to have quite the same freedom of action as a man.
Sons in a family should be given more encouragement to go to college than daughters.
It is ridiculous for a woman to run a locomotive and for a man to darn socks.
In general, the father should have greater authority than the mother in the bringing up of children.
Women should be encouraged not to become sexually intimate with anyone before marriage, even their fiancés.
The husband should not be favored by law over the wife in the disposal of family property or income.
Women should be concerned with their duties of childbearing and house tending rather than with desires for professional or business careers.
The intellectual leadership of a community should be largely in the hands of men.
Economic and social freedom is worth far more to women than acceptance of the ideal of femininity which has been set up by men.
On the average, women should be regarded as less capable of contributing to economic production than are men.
There are many jobs in which men should be given preference over women in being hired or promoted.
Women should be given equal opportunity with men for apprenticeship in the various trades.
The modern girl is entitled to the same freedom from regulation and control that is given to the modern boy.